APM > .NET > Improved logging on Linux (#6814)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/setup/dotnet-core.md

{{% tab "Linux" %}}

To use automatic instrumentation on Linux, follow these three steps:

1. install the .NET Tracer in the environment where your application is running using one of the packages available from the `dd-trace-dotnet` [releases page][1].

2. create the required environment variables. See [Required Environment Variables](#required-environment-variables) below for details.

> 3. run the `/opt/datadog/createLogPath.sh` script, which creates a directory for the log files and set appropriate directory permissions. The log file default path is `/var/log/datadog/dotnet`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Run the `/opt/datadog/createLogPath.sh` script, which creates a directory for the log files and sets appropriate directory permissions. The default directory for log files is `/var/log/datadog/dotnet`.
```
